PROMPT
Enter the text from your memorandum into the text box provided. If desired, you can use text formatting to increase the readability of your memorandum.

Question
 Does the consumption of white and dark chocolate improve the performance of the cyclists? 


Body of answers
An experiment took place where the crossover design is used ans the participants “n = 9 male participants was measured in two trials”. 
To be more specific, each participant ate a random kind of chocolate -either dark chocolate (40 grams of Dove) or white chocolate (40 grams of Milkybar)- 
in order to conduct conclusions and assumptions.
Noticably, the crossover design are <<that each subject acts as his or her own control, and that a smaller number of patients are required in comparison 
to parallel-group studies>>. For example, in this experiment fewer than 30 participants are required.
In this study, the mean distance covered is 1367 m no chocolate, 1419 m white chocolate and 1606 m with dark chocolate. 
So, it seems that consumption of chocolate is effective , when dark chocolate is more effective than white. But, we can not be sure yet, 
there are other parameters which have to be checked.
Also, standard deviation is 171 m for no chocolate case, 248 m for white chocolate and 158 m for dark chocolate. 
Dark chocolate has the higher mean and the lowest standard deviation, something not ignorable.
In addition, the p-value in the most of cases in lower than 0.05 . 

Dark chocolate : 0.001 p-value
Dark versus White Chocolate: 0.003 p-value
p-value (compared to baseline): Dark chocolate 0.001
p-value (compared to baseline): White chocolate 0.319 >0.05

  

The last p-value is significantly higher than 0.05 so we can’t be sure that white chocolate is really effective. 
Supportingly to this view, the mean of white chocolate is slightly higher compared to baseline but the standard deviation is 50 % higher than std of baseline.
But all the other cases seem to be true, as the p-value is very low , thus the other results are reliable despite the small number of participants.

Note: All the p-values have been derived from 95 % confidence intervals
  

Conclusions
Finally, the dark chocolate surely help the cyclists to make their performance . 
White chocolate possibly – not sure-  helps the cyclists , but in no case in the grade dark chocolate does.

Citations

https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/neuroscience/crossover-study#:~:text=The%20advantages%20of%20the%20cross,duration%20than%20parallel%2Dgroup%20studies.
